# Project Title

* **Objective** - To create a fullstack application whose frontend is statically generated by Jekyll, rendered by Tomcat with services mediated by Spring Boot
* **Purpose** - To gain familiarity with fullstack application development using Jekyll, and Spring Security




## Instructions

### Generating Web Application
* From the `./front-end` directory, execute the command below to generate and inject the static `HTML` and `CSS` content into the `./src/main/resources` directory
  * `bundle exec jekyll build`

### Running Web Server to serve Web Application
* From the root directory of this project, execute the command below to build and run the web server
  * `mvn spring-boot:run`


### Running Application Via Docker
* Execute the commands below from the root directory of this project to run this application using `Docker`

```bat
cd front-end
bundle exec jekyll build
cd ..
mvn package
docker image build -t springsecurity-jekyll .
docker container run --name springsecurity-jekyll-container -p 8081:8080 -d springsecurity-jekyll
```

## How to Download

#### Part 1 - Forking the Project
* To _fork_ the project, click the `Fork` button located at the top right of the project.


#### Part 2 - Navigating to _forked_ Repository
* Navigate to your github profile to find the _newly forked repository_.
* Copy the URL of the project to the clipboard.

#### Part 3 - Cloning _forked_ repository
* Clone the repository from **your account** into the `~/dev` directory.
  * if you do not have a `~/dev` directory, make one by executing the following command:
    * `mkdir ~/dev`
  * navigate to the `~/dev` directory by executing the following command:
    * `cd ~/dev`
  * clone the project by executing the following command:
    * `git clone https://github.com/MYUSERNAME/NAMEOFPROJECT`

#### Part 4 - Check Build
* Ensure that the tests run upon opening the project.
    * You should see `Tests Failed: 99 of 99 tests`







## How to Submit

#### Part 1 -  _Pushing_ local changes to remote repository
* from a _terminal_ navigate to the root directory of the _cloned_ project.
* from the root directory of the project, execute the following commands:
    * add all changes
      * `git add .`
    * commit changes to be pushed
      * `git commit -m 'I have added changes'`
    * push changes to your repository
      * `git push -u origin master`

#### Part 2 - Submitting assignment
* from the browser, navigate to the _forked_ project from **your** github account.
* click the `Pull Requests` tab.
* select `New Pull Request`